[docs] update prebuilds (#4008)
gitpod-io/website: src/content/docs/configure/projects/index.md

Reviewer: I understood that one of the main changes suggested by @meysholdt was to add a clear callout to **[the changelog](https://www.gitpod.io/changelog/simplified-prebuilds-defaults)** to make explicit the changes to the `init` task behaviours ([reference](https://gitpod.slack.com/archives/C022HAT0H5Z/p1696673003985179?thread_ts=1696577509.583719&cid=C022HAT0H5Z)). Could we add that?

Reviewer 2: I'm proposing an update to the change log here: https://github.com/gitpod-io/website/pull/4010

Reviewer: Thanks, Mo! Reviewed ! 

Connecting up this [related comment](https://github.com/gitpod-io/website/pull/4008#issuecomment-1755539417).

Reviewer: We have a page dedicated around gitpod.yml [tasks](https://www.gitpod.io/docs/configure/workspaces/tasks) are there any required changes to that page? Or, are any sections that are redundant or incorrect? It feels like the right time to briefly update that content and check we're not missing anything 🙏

# Projects

> A project is an **optional** way to configure and refine the how workspaces get created for a repository. Specifically, you can change Prebuild settings to improve workspace start performance, and other configurations such as environment variables which will be accessible by all users who can access a project.

Reviewer 3: **nitpick**: Copy suggestion with simpler words and paragraph restructure.

```suggestion
Projects can help you additionally configure workspaces for a repository and optimize workspace start performance. You can configure environment variables which will be accessible by all users who can access a project or also optimize when and how often prebuilds run for your project.
```
